I've already thrown away the receipt. This is the official website.
No problem. You said the same thing and I thought I was.
Who knows if this is a fake. They are all designers.
You can tell if it's fake or not. Or say,
What about you. But this skirt,
Haven't you already changed it?
Usually we have to look at the full amount. Didn't he just offer to pay compensation?
Could it be said that in addition to clothes, you also plan to spend money on handicrafts.
Oh, they are all colleagues, I must not be a customer.
No way, no way. Mrs. Lu Shi, CEO of Tangtang,
You can't even ask me why I can't go with you.
Take out your phone
Where is the injury field?
The next time I saw him, he was dressed differently
Miss Shen's skirt was torn just now
So she changed her clothes into a short film
Original price question
After using my uncle’s black card to get the discount,
Only 1,500 yuan but changing clothes
What just happened was indeed my fault
But from now on we are all colleagues after all
I don’t want to be overpaid, right?
I'll give you a drink
Just treat it as a knife for you.